So let's connect users and posts and it starts on our back-end, in our model to be precise.
I want to store the information about which user created which post in my database
and now we could either store a list of posts in our user object or we store a list of users or one
user to be precise on our posts because each post will only be created by one user.
And that seems like the more reasonable approach since we will be interested in finding out if the user
ID of the user who is sending the request matches the user ID of a post.
So let's go to our post model and edit it.
Thus far, we store no user information here,
now this is going to change.
I'll add a new field here which I'll name creator because this is going to be information about who
created this post.
Now the type of this field is not going to be a string,
it's going to be a Mongoose object ID object because it's going to be an ID. This under the hood will
be a string stored in MongoDB
but Mongoose manages it as a separate type. We can access this type on Mongoose and there, we find the
schema object which has a static types object where we then have object ID.
So this is essentially what an ID will be treated as in Mongoose.
We also want to require this, so required is set to true
and now I want to add one extra piece of information.
Thus far we're telling Mongoose that we're going to store an ID here but I want to even tell Mongoose
to which model this ID will relate and therefore, I will add an extra property here,
the ref property. The ref property allows us to define to which model this ID we are going to store
here will belong and that of course will be our user model because we're going to store a user ID here,
an ID belonging to a user which is stored in our database.
So this is the ID here, we're going to add this extra piece of information
and this will of course be added automatically,
the user is not going to enter this into the form where he creates the post,
instead this is going to be inferred from that token which we pass with requests reaching our backend.
So let's save this
and now I quickly want to go back and first of all delete all the posts I have here.
So let's quickly login
and clear them all
so that we have an empty database because I want to ensure that now that we're changing the type of
data we're saving, all the data has the same format.
This is technically not required by MongoDB but I want to have a clean database for this application.
So now with that, we are prepared. We cleared our database and we added this creator key to our data
schema.
Now in the next lecture, we can actually use that and store that information whenever a new post is created.